docs/knowledge-base.md, before:

## Definitions

### Artificial Intelligence
*Artificial Intellifece*, or *AI*, is the field that studies the synthesis and analysis of computational agents that act intelligently.

### Agents
An *Agent* is something that acts in an environment. An Agent acts intelligently when:
* what it does is appropriate for its circumstances and its goals, taking into account the short-term and long-term consequences of its actions
* it is flexible to changing environments and changing goals
* it learns from experience
* it makes appropriate choices given its perceptual and computational limitations

### Emergent Algotithms
An *emergent algorithm* is an algorithm that exhibits emergent behavior. In essence an emergent algorithm implements a set of simple building block behaviors that when combined exhibit more complex behaviors.

### Emergence
In philosophy, systems theory, science, and art, *emergence* occurs when an entity is observed to have properties its parts do not have on their own, properties or behaviors that emerge only when the parts interact in a wider whole.

Commit message:

Added "Purely Algorithmic Perspective" on "knowledge-base.md"

docs/knowledge-base.md, after:

## General Definitions

### Artificial Intelligence
*Artificial Intellifece*, or *AI*, is the field that studies the synthesis and analysis of computational agents that act intelligently.

### Agents
An *Agent* is something that acts in an environment. An Agent acts intelligently when:
* what it does is appropriate for its circumstances and its goals, taking into account the short-term and long-term consequences of its actions
* it is flexible to changing environments and changing goals
* it learns from experience
* it makes appropriate choices given its perceptual and computational limitations

### Emergent Algotithms
An *emergent algorithm* is an algorithm that exhibits emergent behavior. In essence an emergent algorithm implements a set of simple building block behaviors that when combined exhibit more complex behaviors.

### Emergence
In philosophy, systems theory, science, and art, *emergence* occurs when an entity is observed to have properties its parts do not have on their own, properties or behaviors that emerge only when the parts interact in a wider whole.

## Personal Definitons

### Purely Algorithmic Perspective
When one sees an algorithm in relation to how it affects data, rather than its more specific application. It generalizes an algorithm such that it can be applied on other use cases.
